If it's not broken, mod it until it is. * Anonymous
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things. * Phil Karlton
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. * Linus Torvalds
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. * Leonardo da Vinci
Make it simple, but significant. * Don Draper
Never ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee. * John Donne
In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God. * John 1:1
If God himself be for me, my hope, my light, my love, what fear what tribulation could drive me from his love... * If God Himself be for Me
Epicurus did not think it right for them to deposit their property into a common fund ... because this was the way of people who distrust each other. * The Life of Epicurus
If a public man tried to get your vote by saying that he will do something wrong in your interest, you can be absolutely certain that if it ever becomes worth his while, he will do something wrong against your interest. * Theodore Roosevelt, Citizenship in a republic
What you choose to work on and who you choose to work with, are far more important than how hard you work * Richard Feynman
You have a choice. Mindsets are just beliefs. They're powerful beliefs, but they're just something in your mind and you can change your mind. -Carol S. Dweck, Mindset
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a by-product of providing a userful service * Henry Ford
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid - Epictetus
Happiness is a choice that you make and a skill that you develop * EpictetusWe must not think that we are born for pasttime and diversion, but for many afflictions and trials of patience. * Johan Ardnt, True Christianity
Learn to be confromed to Christ crucified, that thou mayest be conformed to Christ glorified. * Johan Ardnt, True Christianity
When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh. * Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship
The antithesis between the world and the Church must be borne out in the world. That was the purpose of the incarnation. That is why Christ died among his enemies. * Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship
You have desires and so satsify them, for you have the same rights as the most rich and powerful. Don't be afraid of satisfying them and even multiply your desires.' That is the modern doctrine of the world. In that they see freedom." * Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov
It echoed loudly within him because he was hollow at the cord * Joseph KonradHeart of Darkness Ch. 3
The things that we love tell us what we are. * Thomas Aquinas
Indeed the safest road to Hell is the gradual one--the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts." * C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters, Ch. 12
He made not Lord; such title to himself; Reserving, human left from human free * John Milton, Paradise Lost Book 10, line 436
The secret is not having good or bad manners,' Higgins said, 'but having the same manners for all. The question is not whether I treat you rudely, but whether you ever heard me treat anyone else better." * George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion
...it is very easy for a man to seem to himself to have answered arguments, when he has only been unwilling to be silent. * St. Augustine, City of God
...the teachers of philosophy, who today teach us how to argue instead of how to live. * C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters Letter 108
A man should say, I am not concerned that I have no place I am concerned how I might fit myself for one, I am not concerned that I am not known, I seek to be worthy to be known. * Confucius, the Analects Ch. 4
When a country is well-governed, poverty and a mean condition are things to be ashamed of. When a country is ill-governed, riches and honor are things to be ashamed of. * Confucius, the Analects Ch. 8
Commit thy works unto the Lord, and thy thoughts shall be established * Proverbs 16:3
